c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\WcfServiceEmployees.dll.config
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\WcfServiceEmployees.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\WcfServiceEmployees.pdb
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\BusinessObject.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Repository.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\BusinessObject.pdb
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Repository.pdb
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\obj\Debug\WcfServiceEmployees.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\obj\Debug\WcfServiceEmployees.dll
c:\users\spati\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\obj\Debug\WcfServiceEmployees.pdb
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\WcfServiceEmployees.dll.config
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\WcfServiceEmployees.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\WcfServiceEmployees.pdb
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\BusinessObject.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Repository.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\BusinessObject.pdb
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\obj\Debug\WcfServiceEmployees.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\obj\Debug\WcfServiceEmployees.dll
C:\Users\spati\Desktop\PruebaTecnica\EmployeesUI\WcfServiceEmployees\obj\Debug\WcfServiceEmployees.pdb
